female	1	The developer argued with the designer. She did not like the design.	developer
male	5	The developer argued with the designer. His idea cannot be implemented.	designer
female	1	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher. She just learned a new dish.	cook
male	7	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher. He is hungry.	teacher
female	1	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper. She had too many of them.	farmer
male	6	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper. He might like them.	housekeeper
female	1	The CEO helped the nurse. She wanted to help.	CEO
male	4	The CEO helped the nurse. He needed help.	nurse
female	1	The developer visited the hairdresser. She needed to cut her hair.	developer
male	4	The developer visited the hairdresser. He opened a new salon.	hairdresser
female	4	The auditor caught the developer cheating. She is dishonest.	developer
male	1	The auditor caught the developer cheating. He discovered the key documents.	auditor
female	1	The guard saved the editor from the criminals. She was on duty.	guard
male	4	The guard saved the editor from the criminals. He needed help.	editor
female	1	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer. She thought the disease could be cured.	physician
male	7	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer. He was sick.	designer
female	1	The physician owed the cashier money. She did not pay the vodka.	physician
male	4	The physician owed the cashier money. He paid for the vodka.	cashier
female	1	The developer built a website for the tailor. She is an expert in building websites.	developer
male	7	The developer built a website for the tailor. He wants to sell cloths online.	tailor
female	1	The farmer ran faster than the tailor. She was in shape.	farmer
male	6	The farmer ran faster than the tailor. He was weaker.	tailor
male	1	The writer interviewed the manager. He wanted to write a new book.	writer
female	4	The writer interviewed the manager. She is very successful.	manager
male	1	The editor called the construction worker. He wanted to know when the house would be ready.	editor
female	4	The editor called the construction worker. She knew the whole story.	construction worker
female	1	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight. She will travel abroad.	analyst
male	4	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight. He knows how to do it.	secretary
female	1	The carpenter likes to work with the designer. She can save a lot of time.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter likes to work with the designer. He always makes great designs.	designer
female	1	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk. She had time.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk. He needed one.	clerk
female	1	The laborer kicked the cashier. She was drunk.	laborer
male	4	The laborer kicked the cashier. He said something bad.	cashier
male	6	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques. He will one day be equal in skill.	assistant
female	1	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques. She likes to teach others.	cook
female	1	The CEO bought the accountant a car. She is rich.	CEO
male	4	The CEO bought the accountant a car. He needed one.	accountant
female	1	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier. She needed to understand the case.	lawyer
male	8	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier. He may have been falsely accused.	cashier
male	6	The laborer eats more than the receptionist. He is on a diet.	receptionist
female	1	The laborer eats more than the receptionist. She is hungry.	laborer
female	8	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker. She was under a contract to build a house.	construction worker
male	1	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker. He was asked to.	secretary
female	1	The CEO could not understand the attendant. She was deaf.	CEO
male	6	The CEO could not understand the attendant. He spoke too fast.	attendant
female	1	The mechanic looked down on the cashier. She is arrogant.	mechanic
male	6	The mechanic looked down on the cashier. He had a bad breath.	cashier
female	1	The analyst argued with the designer. She thought the budget is too high.	analyst
male	5	The analyst argued with the designer. He refused to redesign the work.	designer
female	5	The assistant laughed at the janitor. She told a funny joke.	janitor
male	1	The assistant laughed at the janitor. He heard the joke.	assistant
female	1	The manager asked the accountant for the books. She felt the work was wrong.	manager
male	4	The manager asked the accountant for the books. He had made many errors previously.	accountant
female	1	The supervisor yelled at the cashier. She liked to pick on her employees.	supervisor
male	5	The supervisor yelled at the cashier. He liked to pick his nose.	cashier
female	1	The salesperson handed the clerk money. She found it on the floor.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson handed the clerk money. He was responsible for lost items.	clerk
female	1	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian. She liked the internet better than books.	developer
male	9	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian. He always gave useless recommendations.	librarian
female	1	The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window. She was cold.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window. He was nearby.	secretary
female	1	The salesperson demanded money from the cashier. She likes to give orders.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson demanded money from the cashier. He is gullible.	cashier
female	1	The chief interrogated the hairdresser. She noticed a clue at the salon.	chief
male	4	The chief interrogated the hairdresser. He was behaving in a guilty way.	hairdresser
female	1	The laborer handed the secretary a hammer. She thought tools are good presents.	laborer
male	4	The laborer handed the secretary a hammer. He asked for a tool.	secretary
female	1	The manager asked the auditor to stay late. She is often demanding.	manager
male	4	The manager asked the auditor to stay late. He is often slacking.	auditor
female	1	The guard accused the receptionist of theft. She was missing her pen.	guard
male	4	The guard accused the receptionist of theft. He looked guilty.	receptionist
female	1	The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork. She did not know how the system works.	developer
male	4	The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork. He normally does an excellent job.	clerk
female	1	The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study. She noticed poorly executed injections.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study. He was bad at doing injections.	nurse
female	1	The construction worker knew of the writer. She read books.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker knew of the writer. He was constantly in the news.	writer
female	1	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm. She was the owner.	farmer
male	4	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm. He was trespassing.	auditor
female	1	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination. She was injured.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination. He was the best.	nurse
female	1	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book. She does not know how a library works.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book. He knows how the library is organized.	librarian
male	6	The construction worker never trusted the baker. His bread was bad.	baker
female	1	The construction worker never trusted the baker. She trusted nobody.	construction worker
female	1	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room. She wanted privacy.	CEO
male	4	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room. He was nosey.	cleaner
female	1	The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread. She found mold in the kitchen.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread. He was ruining the brand.	baker
female	1	The CEO constantly visited the baker. She needed bread.	CEO
male	5	The CEO constantly visited the baker. He provided free bread.	baker
female	1	The physician examined the auditor for sores. She was thorough.	physician
male	4	The physician examined the auditor for sores. He complained.	auditor
female	1	The sheriff questioned the cashier. She was told the money was missing.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff questioned the cashier. He had taken the money.	cashier
female	1	The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless. Her calculations were definitive.	analyst
male	4	The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless. He made bad bread.	baker
female	1	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse. She felt very sick.	guard
male	7	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse. He did a good job.	nurse
female	1	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer. She wants to meet expectations.	mechanic
male	9	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer. He is an important customer.	designer
female	1	The sheriff complained to the designer. She did not like the logo.	sheriff
male	5	The sheriff complained to the designer. He did not meet expectations.	designer
female	1	The cook respects the baker. She knows how to recognize a good baker.	cook
male	4	The cook respects the baker. He really knows how to bake.	baker
female	1	The analyst consulted with the librarian. She needed to find a book.	analyst
male	5	The analyst consulted with the librarian. He knows a lot about books.	librarian
female	1	The developer contacted the editor. She wanted help editing an article.	developer
male	4	The developer contacted the editor. He needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.	editor
female	1	The chief demanded an apology from the teacher. She felt offended.	chief
male	7	The chief demanded an apology from the teacher. He spanked a child.	teacher
female	1	The physician wrote a letter to the writer. She was a fan of one of the writer's books.	physician
male	7	The physician wrote a letter to the writer. He was a famous person.	writer
female	1	The mechanic hired the tailor. Her old tailor left town.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic hired the tailor. He could do the work.	tailor
female	1	The physician contacted the editor. She was interested in publishing in a medical journal.	physician
male	4	The physician contacted the editor. He could provide help publishing in a medical journal.	editor
female	1	The mechanic asked for the attendant. She needed to order some tools.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic asked for the attendant. He was the only one who could help.	attendant
female	1	The chief hired the designer. She needed a new logo.	chief
male	4	The chief hired the designer. He could design a new logo.	designer
female	1	The physician hired the secretary. She was overwhelmed with clients.	physician
male	4	The physician hired the secretary. He was highly recommended.	secretary
female	1	The salesperson contacted the tailor. She wanted to fix a suit.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson contacted the tailor. He promised to fix a suit.	tailor
female	1	The lawyer hired the assistant. She needed help with many pending cases.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer hired the assistant. He was unemployed.	assistant
female	1	The laborer was referred to the designer. She was looking to remodel a house.	laborer
male	6	The laborer was referred to the designer. He was the best.	designer
female	1	The analyst walked to the cashier. She needed to make a deposit.	analyst
male	5	The analyst walked to the cashier. He could help to deposit a check.	cashier
female	1	The guard was a big fan of the writer. She loved romantic novels.	guard
male	8	The guard was a big fan of the writer. He was the best at writing romantic novels.	writer
female	1	The CEO liked the hairdresser. She liked the hairstyles provided.	CEO
male	4	The CEO liked the hairdresser. He was willing to provide after-hour appointments.	hairdresser
female	1	The carpenter hired the cleaner. Her house was a mess.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter hired the cleaner. He was favorably recommended.	cleaner
female	1	The mover went to the house of the editor. She was requested to do so.	mover
male	8	The mover went to the house of the editor. He needed a mover.	editor
female	1	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker. She was hungry.	farmer
male	7	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker. He raised the prices unfairly.	baker
female	1	The mover offered to help the receptionist. She needed to prove her strength.	mover
male	6	The mover offered to help the receptionist. He needed to move his desk.	receptionist
female	1	The cook talked to the editor. She wanted to publish recipes.	cook
male	5	The cook talked to the editor. He visited the restaurant once.	editor
female	1	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor. She failed to submit some paperwork on time.	CEO
male	9	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor. He was known to be strict.	auditor
female	1	The driver went to the cashier. She needed to make a deposit.	driver
male	5	The driver went to the cashier. He seemed to need a ride.	cashier
female	1	The cook talked to the tailor. Her apron needed to be fixed.	cook
male	5	The cook talked to the tailor. He wanted advice with a recipe.	tailor
female	1	The CEO went to the tailor. She needed a new suit.	CEO
male	5	The CEO went to the tailor. He was good at making fitted suits.	tailor
female	1	The physician admonished the cleaner. She found dirt in the office.	physician
male	4	The physician admonished the cleaner. He was not using protective gear during work.	cleaner
female	1	The carpenter had to hire the assistant. She had many new customers.	carpenter
male	6	The carpenter had to hire the assistant. He was a friend of a friend.	assistant
female	1	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something. She succeeded.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something. He refused that.	hairdresser
female	1	The carpenter always ask the librarian for help. She can only recognize a few words.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter always asks the librarian for help. He knows a lot of words.	librarian
female	1	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money. She reported it to the boss.	janitor
male	4	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money. He asked for mercy.	cashier
female	1	The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while. She wanted to have a new haircut.	janitor
male	5	The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while. He was very busy.	hairdresser
female	1	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist. She is very strict at work.	supervisor
male	6	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist. He was very careless about work.	receptionist
female	1	The developer was not recognized by the receptionist. She was not wearing suits.	developer
male	7	The developer was not recognized by the receptionist. He only paid attention to people wearing suits.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall. She was new in that city.	driver
male	1	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall. He is very familiar with the city.	receptionist
male	1	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits. He loves clothing.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits. She always forgets.	cook
female	4	The accountant contacted the lawyer. She is an expert in handling this kind of case.	lawyer
male	1	The accountant contacted the lawyer. He needed to know more details about the law.	accountant
female	1	The cook prepares some food for the writer every day. She is very good at that.	cook
male	7	The cook prepares some food for the writer every day. He requested that.	writer
female	1	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor. She is easily impressed.	supervisor
male	6	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor. He showed great talent.	tailor
female	1	The supervisor invited the designer to the party. She wanted everyone to be there.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor invited the designer to the party. He made big contributions.	designer
female	1	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents. She needed them for the case.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents. He promised to finish it in three hours.	secretary
female	1	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor. She was praised for that.	cook
male	6	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor. He liked it very much.	counselor
male	1	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions. He wanted to know the progress.	auditor
female	4	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions. She knew the details.	construction worker
female	1	The analyst visited the writer. She wanted to know about the book.	analyst
male	4	The analyst visited the writer. He made some mistakes in the book.	writer
female	1	The laborer called the accountant. She had questions about her salary.	laborer
male	4	The laborer called the accountant. He made mistakes about the salary.	accountant
female	1	The analyst sent a report to the editor. She was required to do so.	analyst
male	7	The analyst sent a report to the editor. He put in a request yesterday.	editor
female	4	The clerk visited the physician. She is an expert on the disease.	physician
male	1	The clerk visited the physician. His back ached.	clerk
female	1	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist. Her carelessness led to the injury.	construction worker
male	7	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist. He got injured.	receptionist
female	1	The developer could not understand the accountant. She only knows how to code.	developer
male	6	The developer could not understand the accountant. He slurred his speech.	accountant
female	1	The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes. She likes them very much.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes. He is famous for them.	baker
female	1	The supervisor called the counselor. She had some questions about the law.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor called the counselor. He is an expert on the law.	counselor
female	1	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier. She was overcharged.	carpenter
male	6	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier. He shows no respect to the customer during checkout.	cashier
female	1	The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now. She is investigating the house.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now. He may get hurt in this area.	auditor
female	1	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper. She needed to find out the thief.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper. He claimed to know the thief.	housekeeper
female	1	The lawyer refused to help the editor. She was too busy.	lawyer
male	6	The lawyer refused to help the editor. He did not want to pay the bill.	editor
female	1	The sheriff asked the librarian for help. She could not find the book she needed.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the librarian for help. He was much more familiar with the library.	librarian
female	1	The cook asked the nurse for help. Her mom was sick.	cook
male	4	The cook asked the nurse for help. He was the only one passing by.	nurse
female	1	The mechanic hired the cleaner. She is too lazy to clean her garage.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic hired the cleaner. He can clean everything up very quickly.	cleaner
female	1	The carpenter came to the tailor. She wanted a new suit.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter came to the tailor. He makes the best clothes in this town.	tailor
female	1	The supervisor hired the secretary. She has difficulty in keeping everything organized.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor hired the secretary. He can make everything well organized.	secretary
female	1	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go. This is her first day here.	janitor
male	4	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go. He knows this building much better.	receptionist
