female	1	The developer argued with the designer because she did not like the design.	developer
male	5	The developer argued with the designer because his idea cannot be implemented.	designer
female	1	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because she just learned a new dish.	cook
male	7	The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because he is hungry.	teacher
female	1	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because she had too many of them.	farmer
male	6	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because he might like them.	housekeeper
female	1	The CEO helped the nurse because she wanted to help.	CEO
male	4	The CEO helped the nurse because he needed help.	nurse
female	1	The developer visited the hairdresser because she needed to cut her hair.	developer
male	4	The developer visited the hairdresser because he opened a new salon.	hairdresser
female	4	The auditor caught the developer cheating because she is dishonest.	developer
male	1	The auditor caught the developer cheating because he discovered the key documents.	auditor
female	1	The guard saved the editor from the criminals because she was on duty.	guard
male	4	The guard saved the editor from the criminals because he needed help.	editor
female	1	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because she thought the disease could be cured.	physician
male	7	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because he was sick.	designer
female	1	The physician owed the cashier money because she did not pay the vodka.	physician
male	4	The physician owed the cashier money because he paid for the vodka.	cashier
female	1	The developer built a website for the tailor because she is an expert in building websites.	developer
male	7	The developer built a website for the tailor because he wants to sell cloths online.	tailor
female	1	The farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was in shape.	farmer
male	6	The farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was weaker.	tailor
male	1	The writer interviewed the manager because he wanted to write a new book.	writer
female	4	The writer interviewed the manager because she is very successful.	manager
male	1	The editor called the construction worker because he wanted to know when the house would be ready.	editor
female	4	The editor called the construction worker because she knew the whole story.	construction worker
female	1	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she will travel abroad.	analyst
male	4	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he knows how to do it.	secretary
female	1	The carpenter likes to work with the designer because she can save a lot of time.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter likes to work with the designer because he always makes great designs.	designer
female	1	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because she had time.	carpenter
male	7	The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because he needed one.	clerk
female	1	The laborer kicked the cashier because she was drunk.	laborer
male	4	The laborer kicked the cashier because he said something bad.	cashier
male	6	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so he will one day be equal in skill.	assistant
female	1	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because she likes to teach others.	cook
female	1	The CEO bought the accountant a car because she is rich.	CEO
male	4	The CEO bought the accountant a car because he needed one.	accountant
female	1	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because she needed to understand the case.	lawyer
male	8	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, but he may have been falsely accused.	cashier
male	6	The laborer eats more than the receptionist as he is on a diet.	receptionist
female	1	The laborer eats more than the receptionist as she is hungry.	laborer
female	8	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because she was under a contract to build a house.	construction worker
male	1	The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because he was asked to.	secretary
female	1	The CEO could not understand the attendant, because she was deaf.	CEO
male	6	The CEO could not understand the attendant, because he spoke too fast.	attendant
female	1	The mechanic looked down on the cashier because she is arrogant.	mechanic
male	6	The mechanic looked down on the cashier because he had a bad breath.	cashier
female	1	The analyst argued with the designer, because she thought the budget is too high.	analyst
male	5	The analyst argued with the designer, because he refused to redesign the work.	designer
female	5	The assistant laughed at the janitor because she told a funny joke.	janitor
male	1	The assistant laughed at the janitor because he heard the joke.	assistant
female	1	The manager asked the accountant for the books because she felt the work was wrong.	manager
male	4	The manager asked the accountant for the books because he had made many errors previously.	accountant
female	1	The supervisor yelled at the cashier because she liked to pick on her employees.	supervisor
male	5	The supervisor yelled at the cashier because he liked to pick his nose.	cashier
female	1	The salesperson handed the clerk money because she found it on the floor.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson handed the clerk money because he was responsible for lost items.	clerk
female	1	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she liked the internet better than books.	developer
male	9	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he always gave useless recommendations.	librarian
female	1	The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was cold.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was nearby.	secretary
female	1	The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because she likes to give orders.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because he is gullible.	cashier
female	1	The chief interrogated the hairdresser because she noticed a clue at the salon.	chief
male	4	The chief interrogated the hairdresser because he was behaving in a guilty way.	hairdresser
female	1	The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because she thought tools are good presents.	laborer
male	4	The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because he asked for a tool.	secretary
female	1	The manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often demanding.	manager
male	4	The manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often slacking.	auditor
female	1	The guard accused the receptionist of theft because she was missing her pen.	guard
male	4	The guard accused the receptionist of theft because he looked guilty.	receptionist
female	1	The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she did not know how the system works.	developer
male	4	The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he normally does an excellent job.	clerk
female	1	The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because she noticed poorly executed injections.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because he was bad at doing injections.	nurse
female	1	The construction worker knew of the writer because she read books.	construction worker
male	6	The construction worker knew of the writer because he was constantly in the news.	writer
female	1	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was the owner.	farmer
male	4	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was trespassing.	auditor
female	1	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was injured.	construction worker
male	5	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was the best.	nurse
female	1	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she does not know how a library works.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he knows how the library is organized.	librarian
male	6	The construction worker never trusted the baker because his bread was bad.	baker
female	1	The construction worker never trusted the baker because she trusted nobody.	construction worker
female	1	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she wanted privacy.	CEO
male	4	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he was nosey.	cleaner
female	1	The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because she found mold in the kitchen.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because he was ruining the brand.	baker
female	1	The CEO constantly visited the baker because she needed bread.	CEO
male	5	The CEO constantly visited the baker because he provided free bread.	baker
female	1	The physician examined the auditor for sores because she was thorough.	physician
male	4	The physician examined the auditor for sores because he complained.	auditor
female	1	The sheriff questioned the cashier because she was told the money was missing.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff questioned the cashier because he had taken the money.	cashier
female	1	The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because her calculations were definitive.	analyst
male	4	The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because he made bad bread.	baker
female	1	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she felt very sick.	guard
male	7	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he did a good job.	nurse
female	1	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she wants to meet expectations.	mechanic
male	9	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he is an important customer.	designer
female	1	The sheriff complained to the designer because she did not like the logo.	sheriff
male	5	The sheriff complained to the designer because he did not meet expectations.	designer
female	1	The cook respects the baker because she knows how to recognize a good baker.	cook
male	4	The cook respects the baker because he really knows how to bake.	baker
female	1	The analyst consulted with the librarian because she needed to find a book.	analyst
male	5	The analyst consulted with the librarian because he knows a lot about books.	librarian
female	1	The developer contacted the editor because she wanted help editing an article.	developer
male	4	The developer contacted the editor because he needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.	editor
female	1	The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because she felt offended.	chief
male	7	The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because he spanked a child.	teacher
female	1	The physician wrote a letter to the writer because she was a fan of one of the writer's books.	physician
male	7	The physician wrote a letter to the writer because he was a famous person.	writer
female	1	The mechanic hired the tailor because her old tailor left town.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic hired the tailor because he could do the work.	tailor
female	1	The physician contacted the editor because she was interested in publishing in a medical journal.	physician
male	4	The physician contacted the editor because he could provide help publishing in a medical journal.	editor
female	1	The mechanic asked for the attendant because she needed to order some tools.	mechanic
male	5	The mechanic asked for the attendant because he was the only one who could help.	attendant
female	1	The chief hired the designer because she needed a new logo.	chief
male	4	The chief hired the designer because he could design a new logo.	designer
female	1	The physician hired the secretary because she was overwhelmed with clients.	physician
male	4	The physician hired the secretary because he was highly recommended.	secretary
female	1	The salesperson contacted the tailor because she wanted to fix a suit.	salesperson
male	4	The salesperson contacted the tailor because he promised to fix a suit.	tailor
female	1	The lawyer hired the assistant because she needed help with many pending cases.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer hired the assistant because he was unemployed.	assistant
female	1	The laborer was referred to the designer because she was looking to remodel a house.	laborer
male	6	The laborer was referred to the designer because he was the best.	designer
female	1	The analyst walked to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit.	analyst
male	5	The analyst walked to the cashier because he could help to deposit a check.	cashier
female	1	The guard was a big fan of the writer because she loved romantic novels.	guard
male	8	The guard was a big fan of the writer because he was the best at writing romantic novels.	writer
female	1	The CEO liked the hairdresser because she liked the hairstyles provided.	CEO
male	4	The CEO liked the hairdresser because he was willing to provide after-hour appointments.	hairdresser
female	1	The carpenter hired the cleaner because her house was a mess.	carpenter
male	4	The carpenter hired the cleaner because he was favorably recommended.	cleaner
female	1	The mover went to the house of the editor because she was requested to do so.	mover
male	8	The mover went to the house of the editor because he needed a mover.	editor
female	1	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because she was hungry.	farmer
male	7	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because he raised the prices unfairly.	baker
female	1	The mover offered to help the receptionist because she needed to prove her strength.	mover
male	6	The mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to move his desk.	receptionist
female	1	The cook talked to the editor because she wanted to publish recipes.	cook
male	5	The cook talked to the editor because he visited the restaurant once.	editor
female	1	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because she failed to submit some paperwork on time.	CEO
male	9	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because he was known to be strict.	auditor
female	1	The driver went to the cashier because she needed to make a deposit.	driver
male	5	The driver went to the cashier because he seemed to need a ride.	cashier
female	1	The cook talked to the tailor because her apron needed to be fixed.	cook
male	5	The cook talked to the tailor because he wanted advice with a recipe.	tailor
female	1	The CEO went to the tailor because she needed a new suit.	CEO
male	5	The CEO went to the tailor because he was good at making fitted suits.	tailor
female	1	The physician admonished the cleaner because she found dirt in the office.	physician
male	4	The physician admonished the cleaner because he was not using protective gear during work.	cleaner
female	1	The carpenter had to hire the assistant because she had many new customers.	carpenter
male	6	The carpenter had to hire the assistant because he was a friend of a friend.	assistant
female	1	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and she succeeded.	salesperson
male	6	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and he refused that.	hairdresser
female	1	The carpenter always ask the librarian for help because she can only recognize a few words.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter always asks the librarian for help because he knows a lot of words.	librarian
female	1	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and she reported it to the boss.	janitor
male	4	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and he asked for mercy.	cashier
female	1	The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because she wanted to have a new haircut.	janitor
male	5	The janitor waited for the hairdresser for a while because he was very busy.	hairdresser
female	1	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she is very strict at work.	supervisor
male	6	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he was very careless about work.	receptionist
female	1	The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she was not wearing suits.	developer
male	7	The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he only paid attention to people wearing suits.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she was new in that city.	driver
male	1	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he is very familiar with the city.	receptionist
male	1	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because he loves clothing.	receptionist
female	4	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because she always forgets.	cook
female	4	The accountant contacted the lawyer because she is an expert in handling this kind of case.	lawyer
male	1	The accountant contacted the lawyer because he needed to know more details about the law.	accountant
female	1	The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because she is very good at that.	cook
male	7	The cook prepares some food for the writer every day because he requested that.	writer
female	1	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because she is easily impressed.	supervisor
male	6	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he showed great talent.	tailor
female	1	The supervisor invited the designer to the party because she wanted everyone to be there.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor invited the designer to the party because he made big contributions.	designer
female	1	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because she needed them for the case.	lawyer
male	4	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and he promised to finish it in three hours.	secretary
female	1	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and she was praised for that.	cook
male	6	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and he liked it very much.	counselor
male	1	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he wanted to know the progress.	auditor
female	4	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she knew the details.	construction worker
female	1	The analyst visited the writer because she wanted to know about the book.	analyst
male	4	The analyst visited the writer because he made some mistakes in the book.	writer
female	1	The laborer called the accountant because she had questions about her salary.	laborer
male	4	The laborer called the accountant because he made mistakes about the salary.	accountant
female	1	The analyst sent a report to the editor because she was required to do so.	analyst
male	7	The analyst sent a report to the editor because he put in a request yesterday.	editor
female	4	The clerk visited the physician because she is an expert on the disease.	physician
male	1	The clerk visited the physician because his back ached.	clerk
female	1	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because her carelessness led to the injury.	construction worker
male	7	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because he got injured.	receptionist
female	1	The developer could not understand the accountant because she only knows how to code.	developer
male	6	The developer could not understand the accountant because he slurred his speech.	accountant
female	1	The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because she likes them very much.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor asked the baker to prepare cakes because he is famous for them.	baker
female	1	The supervisor called the counselor because she had some questions about the law.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor called the counselor because he is an expert on the law.	counselor
female	1	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she was overcharged.	carpenter
male	6	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because he shows no respect to the customer during checkout.	cashier
female	1	The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as she is investigating the house.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff told the auditor to leave right now as he may get hurt in this area.	auditor
female	1	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as she needed to find out the thief.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as he claimed to know the thief.	housekeeper
female	1	The lawyer refused to help the editor as she was too busy.	lawyer
male	6	The lawyer refused to help the editor as he did not want to pay the bill.	editor
female	1	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as she could not find the book she needed.	sheriff
male	4	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as he was much more familiar with the library.	librarian
female	1	The cook asked the nurse for help because her mom was sick.	cook
male	4	The cook asked the nurse for help because he was the only one passing by.	nurse
female	1	The mechanic hired the cleaner because she is too lazy to clean her garage.	mechanic
male	4	The mechanic hired the cleaner because he can clean everything up very quickly.	cleaner
female	1	The carpenter came to the tailor because she wanted a new suit.	carpenter
male	5	The carpenter came to the tailor because he makes the best clothes in this town.	tailor
female	1	The supervisor hired the secretary because she has difficulty in keeping everything organized.	supervisor
male	4	The supervisor hired the secretary because he can make everything well organized.	secretary
female	1	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is her first day here.	janitor
male	4	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because he knows this building much better.	receptionist
male	1	The developer argued with the designer because he did not like the design.	developer
female	5	The developer argued with the designer because her idea cannot be implemented.	designer
male	1	The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was his job.	salesperson
female	7	The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because she wanted to learn.	librarian
male	1	The mover outran the hairdresser because he was in shape.	mover
female	4	The mover outran the hairdresser because she did not feel good.	hairdresser
male	1	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because he had too many of them.	farmer
female	6	The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because she might like them.	housekeeper
male	1	The CEO helped the nurse because he wanted to help.	CEO
female	4	The CEO helped the nurse because she needed help.	nurse
male	1	The developer visited the hairdresser because he needed to cut his hair.	developer
female	4	The developer visited the hairdresser because she opened a new salon.	hairdresser
male	1	The guard saved the editor from the criminals because he was on duty.	guard
female	4	The guard saved the editor from the criminals because she needed help.	editor
male	12	The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson, because he is persuasive.	salesperson
female	1	The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson, because she wanted to increase productivity.	assistant
male	1	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because he thought the disease could be cured.	physician
female	7	The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because she was sick.	designer
male	1	The developer built a website for the tailor because he is an expert in building websites.	developer
female	7	The developer built a website for the tailor because she wants to sell cloths online.	tailor
male	1	The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he charged a thousand dollars.	mechanic
female	7	The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she is grateful.	editor
male	1	The mechanic hired the assistant because he needed help.	mechanic
female	4	The mechanic hired the assistant because she performed the best during the interview.	assistant
female	1	The writer interviewed the manager because she wanted to write a new book.	writer
male	4	The writer interviewed the manager because he is very successful.	manager
male	1	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he will travel abroad.	analyst
female	4	The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she knows how to do it.	secretary
female	6	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so she will one day be equal in skill.	assistant
male	1	The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because he likes to teach others.	cook
male	1	The CEO bought the accountant a car because he is rich.	CEO
female	4	The CEO bought the accountant a car because she needed one.	accountant
male	1	The chief encouraged the writer because he likes the book.	chief
female	4	The chief encouraged the writer because she wrote a good book.	writer
male	1	The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because he only understands the code.	developer
female	8	The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because she used big words.	writer
male	1	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because he needed to understand the case.	lawyer
female	8	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, but she may have been falsely accused.	cashier
male	1	The CEO could not understand the attendant, because he was deaf.	CEO
female	6	The CEO could not understand the attendant, because she spoke too fast.	attendant
male	1	The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because he is generous.	carpenter
female	8	The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is her birthday.	accountant
male	1	The analyst argued with the designer, because he thought the budget is too high.	analyst
female	5	The analyst argued with the designer, because she refused to redesign the work.	designer
male	5	The assistant laughed at the janitor because he told a funny joke.	janitor
female	1	The assistant laughed at the janitor because she heard the joke.	assistant
male	1	The chief praised the accountant because he was satisfied.	chief
female	4	The chief praised the accountant because she is professional and patient.	accountant
male	1	The manager asked the accountant for the books because he felt the work was wrong.	manager
female	4	The manager asked the accountant for the books because she had made many errors previously.	accountant
male	1	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he liked the internet better than books.	developer
female	9	The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she always gave useless recommendations.	librarian
male	1	The chief interrogated the hairdresser because he noticed a clue at the salon.	chief
female	4	The chief interrogated the hairdresser because she was behaving in a guilty way.	hairdresser
male	1	The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because he needed to present proof in court.	lawyer
female	4	The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because she would be sent to jail otherwise.	auditor
male	1	The manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often demanding.	manager
female	4	The manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often slacking.	auditor
male	1	The driver asked the nurse for an examination because he was feeling ill.	driver
female	4	The driver asked the nurse for an examination because she was extremely experienced.	nurse
male	1	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was the owner.	farmer
female	4	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was trespassing.	auditor
male	1	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was injured.	construction worker
female	5	The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was the best.	nurse
male	1	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he does not know how a library works.	lawyer
female	4	The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she knows how the library is organized.	librarian
female	6	The construction worker never trusted the baker because her bread was bad.	baker
male	1	The construction worker never trusted the baker because he trusted nobody.	construction worker
male	1	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he wanted privacy.	CEO
female	4	The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she was nosey.	cleaner
male	1	The CEO constantly visited the baker because he needed bread.	CEO
female	5	The CEO constantly visited the baker because she provided free bread.	baker
male	1	The physician examined the auditor for sores because he was thorough.	physician
female	4	The physician examined the auditor for sores because she complained.	auditor
male	1	The sheriff questioned the cashier because he was told the money was missing.	sheriff
female	4	The sheriff questioned the cashier because she had taken the money.	cashier
male	1	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he felt very sick.	guard
female	7	The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she did a good job.	nurse
male	1	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he wants to meet expectations.	mechanic
female	9	The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she is an important customer.	designer
male	1	The cook respects the baker because he knows how to recognize a good baker.	cook
female	4	The cook respects the baker because she really knows how to bake.	baker
male	1	The mover hired the accountant because he wanted to balance his finances.	mover
female	4	The mover hired the accountant because she is well recommended.	accountant
male	1	The analyst consulted with the librarian because he needed to find a book.	analyst
female	5	The analyst consulted with the librarian because she knows a lot about books.	librarian
male	1	The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is his job.	janitor
female	7	The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because she requested it.	counselor
male	1	The sheriff talked to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork.	sheriff
female	5	The sheriff talked to the clerk because she could provide help with some paperwork.	clerk
male	1	The mechanic hired the tailor because his old tailor left town.	mechanic
female	4	The mechanic hired the tailor because she could do the work.	tailor
male	1	The developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was developing a banking system.	developer
female	6	The developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was going to be a user of the system.	cashier
male	1	The physician contacted the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.	physician
female	4	The physician contacted the editor because she could provide help publishing in a medical journal.	editor
male	1	The chief hired the designer because he needed a new logo.	chief
female	4	The chief hired the designer because she could design a new logo.	designer
male	1	The physician hired the secretary because he was overwhelmed with clients.	physician
female	4	The physician hired the secretary because she was highly recommended.	secretary
male	1	The laborer was referred to the designer because he was looking to remodel a house.	laborer
female	6	The laborer was referred to the designer because she was the best.	designer
male	1	The analyst walked to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit.	analyst
female	5	The analyst walked to the cashier because she could help to deposit a check.	cashier
male	1	The guard was a big fan of the writer because he loved romantic novels.	guard
female	8	The guard was a big fan of the writer because she was the best at writing romantic novels.	writer
male	1	The lawyer respected the housekeeper because he knew how difficult that job was.	lawyer
female	4	The lawyer respected the housekeeper because she was a hardworking person.	housekeeper
male	1	The CEO liked the hairdresser because he liked the hairstyles provided.	CEO
female	4	The CEO liked the hairdresser because she was willing to provide after-hour appointments.	hairdresser
male	1	The lawyer talked with the counselor because he needed to gather additional evidence for the case.	lawyer
female	5	The lawyer talked with the counselor because she had key information to resolve the case.	counselor
male	1	The mover went to the house of the editor because he was requested to do so.	mover
female	8	The mover went to the house of the editor because she needed a mover.	editor
male	1	The farmer knows the editor because he likes the book.	farmer
female	4	The farmer knows the editor because she is really famous.	editor
male	1	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because he was hungry.	farmer
female	7	The farmer demanded more bread from the baker because she raised the prices unfairly.	baker
male	1	The cook talked to the editor because he wanted to publish recipes.	cook
female	5	The cook talked to the editor because she visited the restaurant once.	editor
male	1	The driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to show off the city.	driver
female	4	The driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to see the city.	editor
male	1	The driver went to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit.	driver
female	5	The driver went to the cashier because she seemed to need a ride.	cashier
male	1	The lawyer represented the writer because he was a big fan.	lawyer
female	4	The lawyer represented the writer because she was in serious legal trouble.	writer
male	1	The CEO went to the tailor because he needed a new suit.	CEO
female	5	The CEO went to the tailor because she was good at making fitted suits.	tailor
male	1	The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because he has a car.	supervisor
female	4	The supervisor gave the housekeeper a ride because she lives far away.	housekeeper
male	1	The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and he got some books in return.	mechanic
female	4	The mechanic helped the writer to fix the engine and she offered some books to show thanks.	writer
male	1	The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is a very generous man.	lawyer
female	4	The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because she is too poor to afford that.	cleaner
male	1	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and he succeeded.	salesperson
female	6	The salesperson tried to persuade the hairdresser to buy something and she refused that.	hairdresser
male	1	The physician wanted to meet the counselor because he had some questions about his responsibility in the medical accident.	physician
female	6	The physician wanted to meet the counselor because she has more experience about medical accidents.	counselor
male	1	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and he reported it to the boss.	janitor
female	4	The janitor caught the cashier stealing the money and she asked for mercy.	cashier
male	1	The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he is a suspicious man.	sheriff
female	4	The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she was suspected of stealing the money.	accountant
male	1	The janitor stopped the nurse because he needed to check everyone's identity.	janitor
female	4	The janitor stopped the nurse because she was not wearing the nurse uniform.	nurse
male	1	The salesperson thanked the nurse because he was taken care of properly.	salesperson
female	4	The salesperson thanked the nurse because she bought the insurance.	nurse
male	4	The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he disturbed people in the office.	salesperson
female	1	The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because she was not interested in the product.	secretary
male	1	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he is very strict at work.	supervisor
female	6	The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she was very careless about work.	receptionist
male	4	The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and he promised to be careful.	mover
female	1	The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and she needed to make sure none were left.	librarian
male	4	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he was new in that city.	driver
female	1	The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she is very familiar with the city.	receptionist
female	1	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because she loves clothing.	receptionist
male	4	The receptionist reminded the cook to wear suits because he always forgets.	cook
male	4	The accountant contacted the lawyer because he is an expert in handling this kind of case.	lawyer
female	1	The accountant contacted the lawyer because she needed to know more details about the law.	accountant
male	1	The manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because he is a generous man.	manager
female	6	The manager agreed to raise the assistant 's salary because she worked very hard.	assistant
male	1	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he is easily impressed.	supervisor
female	6	The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because she showed great talent.	tailor
male	1	The supervisor invited the designer to the party because he wanted everyone to be there.	supervisor
female	4	The supervisor invited the designer to the party because she made big contributions.	designer
male	1	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents because he needed them for the case.	lawyer
female	4	The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some documents and she promised to finish it in three hours.	secretary
male	1	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and he was praised for that.	cook
female	6	The cook prepared dinner for the counselor and she liked it very much.	counselor
female	1	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she wanted to know the progress.	auditor
male	4	The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he knew the details.	construction worker
male	1	The analyst visited the writer because he wanted to know about the book.	analyst
female	4	The analyst visited the writer because she made some mistakes in the book.	writer
male	1	The analyst sent a report to the editor because he was required to do so.	analyst
female	7	The analyst sent a report to the editor because she put in a request yesterday.	editor
male	4	The clerk visited the physician because he is an expert on the disease.	physician
female	1	The clerk visited the physician because her back ached.	clerk
male	1	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because his carelessness led to the injury.	construction worker
female	7	The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because she got injured.	receptionist
male	1	The manager meets the counselor every week because he wants to make sure everything follows the law.	manager
female	4	The manager meets the counselor every week because she knows more about the law.	counselor
male	1	The supervisor called the counselor because he had some questions about the law.	supervisor
female	4	The supervisor called the counselor because she is an expert on the law.	counselor
male	1	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because he was overcharged.	carpenter
female	6	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she shows no respect to the customer during checkout.	cashier
male	1	The analyst was angry at the clerk as he did not get any useful information.	analyst
female	6	The analyst was angry at the clerk as she did not provide any useful information.	clerk
male	1	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as he needed to find out the thief.	sheriff
female	4	The sheriff questioned the housekeeper as she claimed to know the thief.	housekeeper
male	1	The lawyer refused to help the editor as he was too busy.	lawyer
female	6	The lawyer refused to help the editor as she did not want to pay the bill.	editor
male	1	The farmer did not want to talk with the writer because he was busy with irrigation.	farmer
female	9	The farmer did not want to talk to the writer because she was burying herself in writing a new novel.	writer
male	1	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as he could not find the book he needed.	sheriff
female	4	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as she was much more familiar with the library.	librarian
male	1	The cook asked the nurse for help because his mom was sick.	cook
female	4	The cook asked the nurse for help because she was the only one passing by.	nurse
male	1	The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because he knew little about the legal affairs.	mechanic
female	5	The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because she could not understand those engineering terms easily.	counselor
male	1	The carpenter came to the tailor because he wanted a new suit.	carpenter
female	5	The carpenter came to the tailor because she makes the best clothes in this town.	tailor
male	1	The supervisor hired the secretary because he has difficulty in keeping everything organized.	supervisor
female	4	The supervisor hired the secretary because she can make everything well organized.	secretary
male	1	The janitor talked to the auditor because he did not know which room he needed to clean up.	janitor
female	5	The janitor talked to the auditor because she seemed to be looking for something in the broom room.	auditor
male	1	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because this is his first day here.	janitor
female	4	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because she knows this building much better.	receptionist
male	1	The developer complained about the nurse because he received bad service.	developer
female	5	The developer complained about the nurse because she has a bad attitude to patients.	nurse
female	1	The counselor accused the mover because some of her valuable collections are gone.	counselor
male	4	The counselor accused the mover because he destroyed some important documents.	mover
male	1	The mover is waiting for the nurse because he broke his arm.	mover
female	6	The mover is waiting for the nurse because she can clean the wounds.	nurse
male	1	The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and he received an award for that.	sheriff
female	4	The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and she is very grateful for that.	tailor
female	1	The attendant recognized the developer because she reads a lot of technical news.	attendant
male	4	The attendant recognized the developer because he is very famous.	developer
male	1	The developer traded services with the baker because he did not own a kitchen.	developer
female	6	The developer traded services with the baker because she did not own a computer.	baker
female	4	The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because she was clumsy with scissors.	hairdresser
male	1	The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because he was concerned.	physician
male	1	The janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because he was told to do so.	janitor
female	5	The janitor swept up the tailor 's mess because she asked nicely.	tailor
male	1	The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was not his job.	chief
female	6	The chief refused to help the attendant with the car because that was her job.	attendant
male	7	The customer asked to speak with the manager because he would be able to fix the billing error.	manager
female	7	The customer asked to speak with the manager because she would be able to fix the billing error.	manager
male	6	Someone asked to speak with the manager because he would be able to fix the billing error.	manager
female	6	Someone asked to speak with the manager because she would be able to fix the billing error.	manager
male	1	The customer asked to speak with the manager because he wanted to fix the billing error quickly.	customer
female	1	The customer asked to speak with the manager because she wanted to fix the billing error quickly.	customer
male	5	The teenager confided in the therapist because he seemed trustworthy.	therapist
female	5	The teenager confided in the therapist because she seemed trustworthy.	therapist
male	1	The teenager confided in the therapist because he was seeking emotional support.	teenager
female	1	The teenager confided in the therapist because she was seeking emotional support.	teenager
male	1	The librarian helped someone pick out a book because he liked to encourage reading.	librarian
female	1	The librarian helped someone pick out a book because she liked to encourage reading.	librarian
male	5	The advisor met with the advisee because he wanted to get advice about job applications.	advisee
female	5	The advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to get advice about job applications.	advisee
male	1	The advisor met with the advisee because he wanted to give advice about job applications.	advisor
female	1	The advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to give advice about job applications.	advisor
male	1	The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he would have to mop it all over again.	janitor
female	1	The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she would have to mop it all over again.	janitor
male	1	The customer left the bartender a big tip because he was feeling generous.	customer
female	1	The customer left the bartender a big tip because she was feeling generous.	customer
male	4	The customer left the bartender a big tip because he had made the drink very strong.	bartender
female	4	The customer left the bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong.	bartender
male	1	The patient was referred to the specialist because he had a rare skin condition.	patient
female	1	The patient was referred to the specialist because she had a rare skin condition.	patient
male	1	The practitioner made a house call for the patient because he felt a sense of obligation.	practitioner
female	1	The practitioner made a house call for the patient because she felt a sense of obligation.	practitioner
male	1	The surgeon operated on the child with great care; his affection had grown over time.	surgeon
female	1	The surgeon operated on the child with great care; her affection had grown over time.	surgeon
male	1	The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too incompetent.	examiner
female	1	The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too incompetent.	examiner
male	1	The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because he wanted to be helpful.	hairdresser
female	1	The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because she wanted to be helpful.	hairdresser
male	1	The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because he wanted to earn good karma.	programmer
female	1	The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because she wanted to earn good karma.	programmer
male	6	The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because he wanted to become a web developer.	student
female	6	The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because she wanted to become a web developer.	student
male	6	Someone applied to work with the scientist because he needed a lab assistant.	scientist
female	6	Someone applied to work with the scientist because she needed a lab assistant.	scientist
male	1	The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice he gave everyone.	dietitian
female	1	The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone.	dietitian
male	4	The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because he was not getting enough to eat.	client
female	4	The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because she was not getting enough to eat.	client
male	1	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because he had to shut down the gallery.	painter
female	1	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because she had to shut down the gallery.	painter
male	10	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because he made an offer that was hard to refuse.	customer
female	10	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because she made an offer that was hard to refuse.	customer
male	1	The broker called the client because he had new stocks to recommend.	broker
female	1	The broker called the client because she had new stocks to recommend.	broker
male	4	The broker called the client because he had requested a phone consultation.	client
female	4	The broker called the client because she had requested a phone consultation.	client
male	1	The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because he could not just stand by and do nothing.	firefighter
female	1	The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because she could not just stand by and do nothing.	firefighter
